Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hai...
I'll... I'll pay you back. Hai.
Please. I will...
You owe me three million
plus 4.5 million as interest.
Why is it so much? Hey!
Hai...
I'll pay you...
You want your money?
You want money?
I have this crippled body.
Take this instead.
Get her. Get her for me.
Get her!
Cut her.
We know each other well.
Shouldn't that make things easier?
Hurry up.
All you old bums.
don't bother coming back tomorrow.
Your work isn't good at all
yet you keep asking for money.
Are you too fat to walk. dude?
Hey.
Is this all of it?
I still have Bay Ro and Chin Gia.
I'll get them tomorrow.
This is the fourth time this month.
You still owe me.
Can you handle it?
If you can't.
I'll have Ut Det take over.
Ut Det.
- Yes?
- Come here.
See that?
Look at him.
I can do it.
- Never mind. Go back to the boat.
- Yes. ma'am.
Damn it.
Bay Thot kept promoting you.
What did he say again?
What did you do in Saigon?
You took protection money at a
restaurant and hustled people at a bar?
But now that you are here.
you can't even get
a few bucks from a pig farmer.
Give me today's payment.
I'll get the rest tomorrow.
You still want payment
for your shitty work.
There. That's yours.
Take it.
Be on time tomorrow. okay?
Keep working.
What are you looking at?
You prick. what are you doing?
Sell your house and pay me back.
What are you looking at?
Son of a...
This one is 30. That one looks good.
- What would you like?
- I'll have the usual. Mrs. Nam.
Pork intestine again?
Mai looks so grown-up now.
That's 30.000 dongs.
What a weird person.
Let her be.
That's just the way she is.
No one likes a debt collector.
Where did she come from. anyway?
She came here. gave birth.
then raised her kid all by herself.
No one knows who the father is.
My goodness.
She got pregnant out of wedlock.
You won't ever see the father.
Anyway. we're not in her shoes.
so we can't really understand.
I kind of feel sorry for her.
Please. I will pay you back
once I have the money.
Listen up.
Without me. you won't be able
to do shit in this market.
Where's the money?
I'll pay you back once I have it.
I'll give you a day.
You'll die if you
don't have it by then.
- Hey!
- Where are you going?
- Where do you think you're going?
Guys. search her bag.
Give me your bag.
- Dump everything out.
- Okay.
There's nothing here.
- Beat her. guys.
- Beat her up.
- Take that.
- Hit her.
- Give me the rubber band crossbow.
- Beat her up.
Who do you think you are?
You bastard.
You're an illegitimate child.
- Am I right. guys?
- Mai.
What are you doing? Class is
over. why aren't you home yet?
What are you guys doing here?
It's the debt collector.
- The ruthless debt collector.
- Gosh...
What are you going to do?
Gosh. this kid...
Are you okay. Mai?
I'm fine.
I can't believe those kids.
They're a bunch of devils!
You went to collect debts again?
No.
Your hand is injured.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
FISH FARM PLAN
The rice is burning.
Mom. the rice is burning.
It hurts!
Mom. are you okay?
Be careful.
What are you doing here?
Do your homework.
I'll take care of this.
Hurry up.
All right.
Here you go.
It's your favorite.
Mom.
The pork intestine
looks undercooked.
You should cook it a little longer.
Eat it.
Here you go.
Where did you buy this?
Mom.
I didn't buy it.
I cooked it.
Show-off.
Is your homework done?
You're taking the
exit exam this year.
What if I haven't done my homework.
can I ask you for help?
Let's eat. Mom.
You haven't eaten anything today.
Hai Phuong. where are you?
You bitch!
Come out here!
Where are you?
Come out and I will break your legs!
My brother...
He just owes you money.
why did you break his leg?
I dare you to come out here!
I will fucking break you!
Where are you?
Come out here. Come out!
You bitch!
Come out here!
You're hiding now?
Fine.
The next time I come here.
I will burn your house down!
You bitch!
Hey.
Be brave.
Even if you're scared.
you still have to be brave.
Because fear will not help you.
It's only a feeling.
But the man who
was just outside. he's real.
So you shouldn't be
scared. okay?
Let's eat.
Wow.
Braised fish with pineapple?
Let me try some.
Pretty good.
I got the fish from An Binh Island.
Why were you there?
Did you skip school?
Mom. yesterday was Sunday.
You're never focused
on your studies.
you're always out playing somewhere.
Do you want to be like me?
So how did you pay for this fish?
Ms. Sau Luc gave me some.
She said you helped her a few times.
Her house was almost empty.
There was nothing
for me to distrain.
You should keep it
since she gave it to you.
Mom.
She told me to come to her raft.
To weave.
Weave what?
She wants me to fix her fishnet.
Also...
if we invest about two million dongs
in buying fish eggs.
she will build a fish cage for us.
Using her raft.
we can make an easy profit
of up to four million dongs.
Stop it. little girl.
Do me a favor and
focus on your studies.
Stop talking about weaving.
Did she put a spell on you?
But I'm sick of studying.
They always hit me
and swear at me in class.
"You bastard."
"Daughter of the debt collector."
My ears got worn out
from hearing those too often.
Mom. let's work in a fish farm.
I don't need to go to school.
I'll help you.
I don't mind working hard.
As long as you stop being a
mercenary and collecting debts.
I can endure anything.
Can't you see yourself?
How many days do you
think you would last?
Why do you care about what I do?
I'll do it as long
as I can support you.
I don't want to depend
on debt collecting.
Remember to brush your teeth
before you go to bed!
Hai.
You should go to the doctor
before it's too late.
Or else you will have to abort that.
Those scumbags out there. they're
only afraid of you. Hai Phuong.
Cheers!
Sau Banh.
The rule here is. if you're game.
you can stick around.
But if you can't play
fair. get lost!
Remember my face. Hai Phuong.
What are you doing? Let me go.
Let me go.
- It's nothing. guys. Just keep going.
- Let me go.
Hey. start spinning.
Every sacrifice is painful.
The reason behind that sacrifice
is what matters.
CAN THO
You tried really hard
to get this. didn't you?
You can pawn it for a million. the
monthly interest is 350.000 dongs.
Thank you. sir.
I need two million.
Go to Saigon. then.
How the hell can you get
two million for these?
I may be old. but I'm not stupid.
What's the use of negotiating
when you can't even redeem these?
I need two million
for Mai to start a fish farm.
Let me think about it.
This gem has the lowest
quality. you know?
And the smaller ones.
how are they useful to me?
- To grind into rice...
- Mom!
Everyone. look. There's a thief!
Hey. what are you doing?
She's just a kid.
She's a thief.
Here. look.
Here's the proof.
What can you say for yourself?
Mai. where did you get the wallet?
I picked it up from the ground.
You picked it up?
How convenient!
- Yes. She's still denying it.
- It's mine.
- Gosh.
- There. You see?
Gosh. Lucky me.
everything is still here.
You're just a kid
and you're already stealing?
Is this what your
teacher taught you?
You see?
Mai. Tell me.
Did you steal it?
No. I picked it up from the ground.
You have to trust me.
You see. guys? Don't ever
feel sorry for these hustlers.
Hey.
Check her pocket to
see if there's more.
- Give it back to Mrs. Nam.
- Yes.
You'd better teach your kid.
Or else we'll call the police.
Yes. that's right.
What kind of mother are you?
If it were me. I'd call the police.
Let's take her to the police.
She's so stubborn.
She won't even admit it.
Who knew this cute-looking girl
was such a spoiled kid?
Mai. show me your pocket.
No. I didn't steal it.
Why do you trust these strangers
and not me?
I hate you!
Mai!
- Mai.
- The kid even talks back to her Mom.
Check if she took anything.
She interrupted our business.
Are you dumb?
I brought that wallet
to buy some booze.
I happened to drop it on the ground.
Mai picked it up for me.
I haven't had the
chance to say anything.
- You...
- You're so drunk. Let's go home.
I'm not drunk.
She made us falsely accuse that kid.
So. what now?
My last offer is 1.5 million. okay?
I'm really doing you a favor here.
You're my first customer today.
Honestly. I would never
give this price to anyone else.
It's hard to do
business in this market.
I'll write you a receipt.
Hey. kid.
- I'm not pawning it.
- What?
My goodness.
Maybe I should just move to Saigon.
Mai!
- Let go! I don't want to go.
- Mai!
What's happening?
I don't care what you give me.
Let me go.
I don't want to go!
Mai!
- I know your parents.
- Let me go.
Mai!
Stop!
- Mom!
- Let's go.
Let's go.
Mai!
- Get them!
- Stop!
Mai.
Stop that boat.
Stop!
Mom!
A robber!
There's a robber!
Stop!
Give me back my child!
- Mom!
- Get off me!
Mom!
I'm sorry.
- Cheers!
Where did she come from?
Which way to the river?
That way.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Mai!
Stop. you bitch!
Where are they taking my kid?
Tell me!
Sir. did you see two men
with a little girl in a green shirt?
I don't know.
Ma'am. did you see two men
with a little girl in a green shirt?
No. I haven't seen them.
Mai. where are you?
Ma'am. did you see two men
with a little girl in a green shirt?
Mai!
Mai. Stop!
Stop!
Stop the car!
How frightening.
Ma'am. they have taken my child.
Do you know where that bus is going?
I'm not sure. but all the buses here
are headed to Saigon.
Just like that bus.
their route is from here to Saigon.
Yes. that's right.
You should ask them.
Mister!
Is this bus heading to Saigon?
We're heading to Ca Mau. lady.
Wait!
Stop!
You want to die. lady?
Go do it somewhere else.
No.
Are you heading to Saigon?
Can I get a ride to Saigon?
This truck is for deliveries.
not for passengers.
- No. Mister. please.
- Go away.
Mister!
Please!
She's so stubborn.
And tricky. too.
Never mind her.
Mom. let's work in a fish farm.
I'll help you.
I don't mind working hard.
I'm sick of studying.
They always hit me
and swear at me in class.
Who do you think you are?
You bastard.
You're an illegitimate child.
My ears got worn out...
- You'd better teach your kid.
- I didn't steal it.
Why do you trust these strangers
and not me?
I don't want to depend
on debt collecting.
I hate you!
SAIGON
We are in Saigon now.
Thank you.
Boss. Hai Phuong came to see you.
Hai?
Gosh. Where the hell
did you crawl out of?
Mai was kidnapped.
Get Hung Lua to ask around...
Hung Lua. your brother.
was imprisoned ages ago.
Drink up.
It has been a decade. Hai.
I'm not your bitch anymore.
A kidnapping?
Go to the police and report it.
Did you drink too much dirty water
and forget all the rules?
Also. I'm the boss now.
I have to take care
of my people as well.
Help me just this once.
- I'll leave once it's settled.
- Listen.
Nam Ro Gang has now taken over
the bridge area.
The Ton Dan area
belongs to Thanh Wolf now.
Thanh Wolf?
Who is she?
She has only been here
for about six years.
It's said she has connections
with the big shots
in Cambodia and China.
She began moving up the ranks
the moment she got here.
She even threatened Nam Ro.
Do you know why she's
called "Thanh Wolf"?
She's both fierce
and smart.
You should just calm your nerves.
Otherwise.
you'd involve me in this mess.
POLICE STATION
Born on November 30. 2008.
in Chau Thanh A. Hoa An Town.
Cau Ke District. Vinh Long Province.
Slow down.
Le Huynh Thi Mai.
Carry on.
Born on November 30. 2008. in...
Hey. slow down.
If I get this wrong. the police might get
the wrong person. That'd be dangerous.
But the more time passes. the more
danger my child's life will be in.
- Do you understand?
- You need to remain calm.
I have to write this clearly
so that Mr. Luong can look into it.
Listen.
Don't worry. Mr. Luong has had
a lot of achievements.
You probably remember
the Saigon-Hai Phuong
drug case in 2009?
My boss. Mr. Luong.
solved that case on his own.
After graduating. he immediately
volunteered to be an investigator.
A few years later.
he solved several cases
and became the lead investigator.
Not to mention the smaller cases.
such as murders and robberies.
He can close any case.
So please. rest assured
that we will find your kid.
Le Huynh Thi Mai. very soon.
Do you have anything
for a stomachache?
No.
Are you really in pain?
Let me get some for you.
Thank you.
Stay right here.
MISSING CHILDREN
CHILD ABDUCTORS ARRESTED
INVESTIGATE MAN WHO SPREAD
CHILD KIDNAPPING RUMORS ON FACEBOOK
HA GIANG POLICE DENIED 16 CHILD
KIDNAPPINGS AND STOLEN ORGANS
CRITICAL CASES
PENDING SURVEILLANCE
SUSPECT CASE FILES
This case involves
the whole operation.
They are very smart and organized.
Give me more time. boss.
If we catch the rats now. we might
wake the sleeping dog. right?
I understand.
We need to stop the entire gang
so that the people can rest assured.
I will follow this closely
and report to you
as soon as possible.
Don't worry.
Hello. boss.
A girl was kidnapped in Tra Vinh.
Her mother is in the waiting room.
The girl's age
is the same as the other victims.
The mother looks
really stressed out.
Have you eaten yet?
I can order some food for you.
What?
She was right here.
Where is she?
Tell me everything she told you.
Yes. sir.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Mai.
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
Is anyone home?
Open the door.
- Is anyone home?
- Hang on.
Who are you looking for?
I'm looking for
Mr. Nguyen Chanh Truc.
It's urgent.
He hasn't been here in a while.
Go away.
Hey. What are you doing?
I told you. he doesn't live here.
Please go somewhere else.
No. I need to talk to him urgently.
Tell him to come out.
What are you doing?
My daughter was kidnapped.
- I want to know where they're taking her.
- I don't know.
True. where are you'? Come out.
He's not home. You should go.
- I'll call the police.
- Let me ask him. I'll leave right away.
I don't know. Go away.
Mom. go upstairs. I'll handle this.
Truc. why did you come down here?
Go back upstairs.
Go away.
Who are you? What do you want?
Who are they?
Where did they take my daughter?
It's none of my business.
Only you would know where she is.
Tell me.
My son doesn't know anything.
Please leave. I'm begging you.
Go away. My son is all clean now.
Why can't any of you trust him?
Go away.
True. Get out oi my way.
Mom!
Gosh. True.
Stop.
Stop!
True.
Where's my child?
Just leave me in peace.
My goodness. Truc!
I'm begging you. Truc.
You're going to kill her.
Stop.
True.
Mom...
Tell me!
Where's my daughter?
True.
Just say it.
Truc. tell her. Just tell her.
How can I survive
if something happens to you?
I'm begging you.
My son.
I'm begging you. ma'am.
Please. I beg you.
You only have a few hours left.
There are operating
rooms in the trucks.
Once they reach the train yard.
you'll never see the kids again.
In the Ton Dan area.
there's a five-liter plastic box by the
light. in front of a grocery store.
I don't know which of the six trains
are leaving tonight.
but they must gather
at Song Than at 2 a.m.
Then they'll switch to trucks
and move to Quy Nhon Port.
Hey. watch where you're going.
Are you buying anything?
I'm buying a drink.
It's 10.000 dongs.
It seems that we must come
at this hour just to see you.
What do you want again?
Isn't this torque
too much for a Honda Wave?
You know your shit.
It used to be a war machine.
but not anymore.
What about these?
Those belong to the Suzuki Sport.
So where's your Suzuki Sport now?
Luong. have you ever heard
of the tiger hunting story?
In the Xom Cui area. there was a guy
who hunted tigers in U Minh Forest.
He told a lot of
interesting stories.
Usually. they only go for the male
tigers and avoid the female ones.
especially the ones
guarding their cubs.
When the cubs are hungry. the
tigresses can get very aggressive.
They will risk
everything to get food.
Sometimes. the hunters track
them down and find their lair.
They can easily take all the cubs.
But the hunters also know
not to put their hands on them.
Do you know why?
Never touch a tigress
that's guarding her cubs.
She will never forget that
for the rest of her life.
She will track them down...
only to kill the damn hunters
who took her cubs.
A kid was abducted in Tan Phu
District. Ho Chi Minh City.
The victim was a five-year-old girl who
was playing in front of her house.
The online community was recently stirred
by the photos and videos of the scenes...
I know your Honda Wave
still works just fine.
Maybe it's better
to keep it as it is.
Let's go.
What is all of this?
Checkmate!
Hey.
Where are you going?
Go away.
Hey. stop.
Where are you going?
Mom. Help me!
Mom.
No!
Boss. we'll have thirty kids.
including these eight.
This batch is huge.
But I'm afraid the cops...
Stick to the plan.
Arrive at the railroad
switch on time.
But...
Clean this up. The kids are
pissing all over the place.
Damn. there they go again.
Where's my daughter?
Mai!
Mai?
Take me. Let my daughter go.
Everything is according to schedule.
Two in the morning.
Train number VNR 053171.
Meet me there.
You have to learn martial arts
to protect yourself.
Hey. turn to this side. Look at me.
Do not blink. remember? Punch hard.
Stand up.
No one will help you in life.
I'll be the spring to Mom.
- I'll be the sunlight to Dad.
- You dance very well.
Clap your hands now.
I learn new things at school.
Mai.
Nurse.
How long have I been out?
Just rest. You have to wait
until I finish these 800 forms.
I'll answer whatever questions
you ask as long as you don't die.
Please tell me.
how long have I been out?
- One or two months.
- What?
No. One or two hours.
I can't keep lying here.
I have to go now.
Just stay put. You can't go yet.
Nurse.
I have to go now. please.
What are you doing? Hey.
You don't understand.
- I have to go now.
- Calm down.
Calm down.
Let me call the doctor.
Just stay right there.
Mr. Luong.
She's awake...
So handsome yet so cold.
How unfortunate.
Why is it so hard
for me to find you?
Two times already.
Le Minh Luong.
You're the one behind
my daughter's abduction?
And you...
Are you the one who burned down
Ngoc Bich's Club eight years ago?
Ten years.
You weren't a cop yet. right?
You're wrong.
I was the one
who signed your release forms.
What do you want. then?
Why are you keeping me here?
You have messed things up enough.
Stay here.
Let the police solve this case.
Messed things up?
Don't you understand?
They kidnapped my daughter.
I have to save her. You don't
have the right to hold me here.
My responsibility is to keep you
and the others safe.
And we suspect that you are
causing trouble for the authorities.
And you have a lot of
questions to answer.
Causing trouble?
Thanh Wolf. Sau Theo.
and that whole gang
are imprisoning a lot of kids.
including my daughter!
Can't you understand? Can't you see?
We're still investigating.
But there's no sign
that your daughter was kidnapped.
What do you mean?
You came to Truc's house.
You attacked him.
And then you asked for an address.
You were drowning out there
when we found you.
You have to go there
and see for yourself.
I saw the kids and I saw Mai.
Do you understand?
We went there.
but there was nothing in that house.
No kidnappers.
No kids.
No.
I have to go now.
I can't be here. I have to go.
Listen.
The kids are safe.
I know you are worried.
but we are trying
our best to help you.
You should stay here.
So that the police can get more
information for the investigation.
Please.
I can't stay here any longer.
Stay right there.
Yes. boss?
Just lie down.
Calm down. okay? Don't go anywhere.
Lie down.
Slowly.
Can't you see?
You messed it all up.
MEDICAL STAFF NURSE
Your name is Trang. right?
Did they tell you
why I almost died and
why I got admitted here?
Explain it to the police.
You must have overheard
what I said just now.
They have my child.
And they will cut her open...
They will take her organs out
and sell them.
I don't even know if
she's still alive.
Do you have a daughter?
No. My kids are all boys.
Your kids must be so happy...
to have a Mom...
who works hard. who loves them
and takes good care of them.
Unlike me.
I'm a bad mother.
I even failed to protect her.
that's why she got kidnapped.
Okay.
Do you watch American movies?
On the ground. close your eyes!
- Don't be scared.
- Freeze!
Don't move. Freeze. Don't move.
- Don't move.
Don't move.
Phuong. calm down.
Every problem has a solution.
What do you want now?
What do you want?
I want to rescue you.
Who asked you to? Lie down.
Lie down!
Everyone. please cooperate.
If I succeed. we'll have an amazing
memory like in the movies. okay?
Freeze!
- Why are there so many cops?
- Freeze!
- I don't know.
- What now?
- What?
It's not how I imagined it.
What now?
- I'm going back in.
- Stop.
- Freeze!
- Step back!
Help! Please help!
Don't touch me.
Help me.
Tell my sons...
Let her go.
Move!
Thank you.
Good luck.
Brother.
CERTIFICATE OF MASTER VOVINAM
CERTIFICATE OF MERIT
You're always hanging out
with those punks.
You're being rude and disrespectful
to your own family?
From now on. you are not allowed
to see him anymore.
- You hear me?
- Do you want to control even my love life?
I can love whoever I want!
I will take responsibility.
How dare you talk to
your father that way?
Phuong!
I guess the train
might have left already.
Can you call Uncle Tarn for help?
If I'm not wrong. he used to work
for the railroad company.
Uncle Tam?
He died last year.
You weren't even here
when Mom and Dad passed away.
Brother.
Mai is everything to me.
I'm at a dead end now.
That's why I'm here.
This may be good for her.
She can be adopted
by someone better than you.
You don't even know
who the father is. right?
Someone kidnapped your niece.
and they're going to cut her open.
Aren't you bothered by that?
Can't you consider your baby
and do a good deed?
Shut up!
Let me tell you.
You refused this decent family.
You left and became a gangster.
Did you dare to come back
and beg for help when Dad was alive?
Mai was kidnapped because of you.
An ungrateful person like you
should just die.
Hell was made for people like you.
Yes.
I'm such an ungrateful person.
That's right. So what?
I ran away.
I didn't listen to Mom and Dad.
When they died. I didn't have
the courage to come home.
I'm a ghetto gangster
who got pregnant out of wedlock.
A bad mother.
A shameless mother
who came to you asking for help.
Mothers like me should just die.
You'd wish for that. wouldn't you?
Yes.
I was wrong.
Every night. before I close my eyes.
I regret
everything I have done.
Even the fact that I was born.
But I'm telling you.
giving birth to Mai
and becoming her mother...
was the only right thing
that I have ever done.
I will bring her back.
no matter what it takes.
Even if I have to die for it.
I will destroy that gang.
Just wait and see!
Mai. I'm sorry.
I have been investigating
this case for three years.
It's an international operation
trailing from the Hai
Van Pass to Ca Mau.
They ship from Quy Nhon
or sometimes Cam Ranh.
Da Nang. all over the place.
After that. they go straight to
Laos. then to other countries.
We have agents
in every province along the trail.
If you know them so well.
why haven't you caught them yet?
It's not that easy.
We need sufficient evidence
to eliminate the whole operation.
We'll need more than just a few
coolers containing organs
or a couple of child abductions.
They are not connected
to each other.
So they are not sufficient.
Not to mention we'd
wake the sleeping dog.
Why are you following me. then?
Because I know
the train has left Saigon Station
about ten minutes ago.
We are in Binh Trieu.
If you take a motorbike taxi
to No.1 Nguyen Thong Street.
it would take about 45 minutes.
They are like an octopus.
If we chop one tentacle off.
it will just grow another one.
There are parents
who had to go through this twice.
But now is our chance
to chop all the tentacles off.
And you're the only one
who knows the number of the train.
You have nothing to lose now. right?
SONG THAN STATION
To all passengers. the train SE5 has
just arrived at Song Than Station.
Please check your personal
belongings before leaving the train.
The train doors will
open on the left.
Please enter the station as instructed
by the operators. Thank you.
Train number VNR 053171.
Wait.
Calm down.
What are you doing?
You can't just do things at will.
That's my child on the train.
She's everything to me.
I live for her. I can't lose her.
Do you understand?
I do. but that's too dangerous.
Let me call for reinforcements.
Reinforcements?
I need to get on that train.
If you want to stop me now.
you have to shoot me.
If not. get out of my way.
You have a five?
Is that all you have?
What's that?
Guys.
Go and check it out.
You go.
Damn. I had a good hand.
You lazy burns.
Who the heck is out there?
Hai Phuong.
Hai Phuong. you bitch.
Remember my face. Hai Phuong.
Rom. there's one more kilometer.
Get into position.
Yes. boss.
Are you guys there?
Yes. I have arrived.
Only 800 meters left.
Get ready.
Boss. I'm at the switch now.
Everyone. get ready.
Rom. get ready.
Just 500 meters left.
Did you hear me?
Rom. Where are you?
Rom.
Rum!
Coi.
Go to the switch and
see how Rom is doing.
Okay. boss.
It's you again?
You're a stubborn one. aren't you?
Let's see how long
you can take it this time.
Boss. the train is approaching the
switch. We're waiting for your order.
Switch it.
All right. switch it now.
The client is here.
Prepare the shipment.
You must endure the pain
and stand up on your own
every time you fall.
Is it for your daughter?
She can't use it anymore.
You have done quite well
by making it this far.
But you have come
to the wrong place.
Get up.
That's good.
There will always be a reward
for those who overcome their fear.
I might have come
to the wrong place.
but you have taken the wrong kid.
Mai.
- Mom.
- Mai.
Mom.
- Help me. Mom.
Mai.
- Mai.
- Mom.
Mom...
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
I was afraid I would
never see you again.
I was afraid that
you wouldn't make it in time.
I had to make it in time...
to tell you...
that I love you so much.
Do you know that. Mai?
Mom...
I didn't steal the wallet.
Do you believe me. Mom?
I do.
I believe you.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
It's my fault. This is all my fault.
Mom.
I'm sorry. Mom.
You told me not to be scared.
You told me to be brave.
that fear is just a feeling.
But I was still scared.
I'm not brave. right. Mom?
No.
Mai. no.
You are very brave.
You were right.
You have to be scared.
You have to be.
Because only by overcoming the fear
can you become brave.
Do you understand?
And you did it.
I told Ngoc the same thing.
but she was still so scared.
Why don't you bring her home. Mom?
And the others. too.
Everyone is afraid.
Who?
Who are you talking about?
Team One. stay here
and keep things under control.
- The rest. follow me.
- Roger that.
This is for my brave daughter.
Wait for me.
Mom.
Boss.
Boss?
Drop the gun.
Block the whole area.
Check the rest of the carriages.
Mom.
Mom!
Mom. wake up.
Don't leave me.
Please wake up.
Don't die. don't leave me alone.
Mom.
Don't leave me.
Mom. wake up.
Mom.
Mom. please wake up. Stay with me.
I promise...
I promise I'll be brave.
Please don't die. Mom.
Wake up and stay with me.
NEWS
After years of investigating.
the police have
successfully eliminated
the biggest child trafficking
operation in Southern Vietnam.
At the scene. police have rescued
more than 20 children
and captured 12 suspects
by raiding the gang that kidnapped
children and smuggled their organs.
This was an extremely
difficult case.
The criminals were
highly organized and devious.
They even have a global reach.
We were so determined.
We finally solved the case
and brought the children
back to their families safely.
In this victory. there's this heroine
who must not be taken for granted.
Ms. Le Huynh Ngoc Phuong.
Despite having her child taken away.
Phuong stayed brave and wise
to track down the kidnappers.
She cooperated with the police.
- That's my Mom.
- And engaged the criminals directly.
Here. for you.
Thank you.
Let's go home. son.
Yes. Mom.
I see. Thank you. Doctor.
Mai. slow down.
Mom.
"I. Dinh Bao. want to give
this to you. Ms. Hai Phuong.
I wish for your quick recovery.
I wish you and Mai
will always be happy."
Isn't it nice. Mom?
Mom.
Do you feel better?
Mom. can you teach me how to fight?
I want to be a heroine like you.
I'll defeat all those bad guys. so
they won't kidnap children anymore.
Is that okay?
You can learn how to fight.
But you must endure the pain.
And you must never give up.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm